---
layout: page
title: About Matthew
image: ggb.jpg
---

Born and raised in Connecticut, I moved to California at the first
available opportunity where I earned my **B.S. in Chemistry** at
**Caltech** in 2013. I worked with the **Blake Group** (2011)
researching *ab-initio* quantum computation of THz vibrational modes
to compliment the lab's research in terahertz spectroscopy.  I
interned at **Pfizer** (2012) developing software tools for medicinal
and computational chemists and applied cheminformatic methods for
small molecule drug design.

I entered the **Chemistry PhD** program at **Stanford** in 2013 where
I am working with **Vijay Pande** to study protein dynamics through
computation. 

I enjoy sharing chemistry with others. I've served as a teaching
assistant for **intro chem. lab** (Caltech, 2011), the **Caltech
p-chem series**: quantum mechanics, spectroscopy, and stat. mech.
(2012-2013), and **Stanford stat. mech. and thermo classes** (2014). I
think computation should have a greater emphasis in undergraduate
instruction and worked with the Stanford chem curriculum chair to
**develop matlab exercises** for undergraduate p-chem classes (2013). 

I enjoy programming in **Python, C# and C++** (and **Mathematica**, if
that counts). I don't-enjoy-but-can-program-nonetheless in **Java, C,
and matlab**. 

My hobbies include **flying light aircraft** (private pilot since
2010), **jamming on my keyboard** (the musical kind), and **mario
kart**.


<!-- vim: tw=70
-->
